● Team Name: Newbies
● Team members details: 1.Member 1 [Adesh_Kumar]
 2. Member 2 [Siddhart Balwant]
 3. Member 3 [Shubham Singh]
 4. Member 4 [Code Sage]
● Selected theme: Smart Cities

● Problem Statement: So the idea is to help out peoples residing in cities.
It is very hectic and time consuming to find various chores relates services
Here our application comes into play It can provide various chores related services such as
carpenter, plumber, Electrician, Restaurants etc. in the closest vicinity of their homes and thus it will also help in minimising the cost.

● Description of the desired application:
Our application will be layered into many parts.
One of them will deal with vendors, who will be registered on portal to provide services
There will be one wich will interact with users.
User will opt for the service which he/she want.
Our app will look for nearest vendors from the available ones who can provide that service.
The nearest vendor will be selected on the basis of their distance from the location and their quality of service(rating)
Then user will be provided the details of that vendor so that he/she can contact.

● Solutioning and Methodology:
Our Intention is simple to help out user's by providing them easy and smooth services.
It is  going To help people as much as possible maintaining their hassle free shift from one place to another.
Cost Efficiency and smooth user experience are impact metrics that one can use to analyse the effect of the solution.
This will also be beneficial for the local vendors as they will be having regular customer basis.

Our application will be a web application so it can be easily used, maintained and implemented. and due to its vast range of reach it will be very effective solution.
Everyone uses Phones or laptops so vast range of reach.

● Tech Stack: We will use JavaScript, Express , Bootstrap , Nodejs and Django   because they are easy to use and has wide variety of applications also and we are familiar with it :)

● Visualisations: Flowcharts, diagrams, wireframes or even doodles!
● Other relevant details or attachments [Option
